[LB] Get started (#2122)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/load-balancing/src/content/understand-basics/pools.md

---
order: 0
pcx-content-type: concept
---

import PoolDefinition from "../_partials/_pool-definition.md"

# Pools

<PoolDefinition/>

> If you're familiar with DNS terminology, think of a pool as a “record set,” except we only return addresses that are considered healthy. You can attach health checks to individual pools for customized monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are familiar with DNS terminology, think of a pool as a “record set,” except Cloudflare only returns addresses that are considered healthy. You can attach health checks to individual pools for customized monitoring.
```
